README.md, before:

<br /><br />

<p align="center">
<a href="https://plane.so">
  <img src="https://media.docs.plane.so/logo/plane_github_readme.png" alt="Plane Logo" width="400">
</a>
</p>
<p align="center"><b>Modern project management for all teams</b></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge">
<img alt="Discord online members" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1031547764020084846?color=5865F2&label=Discord&style=for-the-badge" />
</a>
<img alt="Commit activity per month" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/makeplane/plane?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://plane.so/"><b>Website</b></a> •
    <a href="https://github.com/makeplane/plane/releases"><b>Releases</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/planepowers"><b>Twitter</b></a> •
    <a href="https://docs.plane.so/"><b>Documentation</b></a>
</p>

<p>
    <a href="https://app.plane.so/#gh-light-mode-only" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-top.webp"
        alt="Plane Screens"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
</p>

Meet [Plane](https://plane.so/), an open-source project management tool to track issues, run ~sprints~ cycles, and manage product roadmaps without the chaos of managing the tool itself. 🧘‍♀️

> Plane is evolving every day. Your suggestions, ideas, and reported bugs help us immensely. Do not hesitate to join in the conversation on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge) or raise a GitHub issue. We read everything and respond to most.

## 🚀 Installation

Getting started with Plane is simple. Choose the setup that works best for you:

- **Plane Cloud**
  Sign up for a free account on [Plane Cloud](https://app.plane.so)—it's the fastest way to get up and running without worrying about infrastructure.

- **Self-host Plane**
  Prefer full control over your data and infrastructure? Install and run Plane on your own servers. Follow our detailed [deployment guides](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/overview) to get started.

| Installation methods | Docs link                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Docker               | [![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/methods/docker-compose)         |
| Kubernetes           | [![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/methods/kubernetes) |

`Instance admins` can configure instance settings with [God mode](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/govern/instance-admin).

## 🌟 Features

- **Issues**
  Efficiently create and manage tasks with a robust rich text editor that supports file uploads. Enhance organization and tracking by adding sub-properties and referencing related issues.

- **Cycles**
  Maintain your team’s momentum with Cycles. Track progress effortlessly using burn-down charts and other insightful tools.

- **Modules**
  Simplify complex projects by dividing them into smaller, manageable modules.

- **Views**
  Customize your workflow by creating filters to display only the most relevant issues. Save and share these views with ease.

- **Pages**
  Capture and organize ideas using Plane Pages, complete with AI capabilities and a rich text editor. Format text, insert images, add hyperlinks, or convert your notes into actionable items.

- **Analytics**
  Access real-time insights across all your Plane data. Visualize trends, remove blockers, and keep your projects moving forward.

- **Drive** (_coming soon_): The drive helps you share documents, images, videos, or any other files that make sense to you or your team and align on the problem/solution.

## 🛠️ Local development

See [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

## ⚙️ Built with

[![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=green)](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
[![Node JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en)

## 📸 Screenshots

  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-work-items.webp"
        alt="Plane Views"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-cycles.webp"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-modules.webp"
        alt="Plane Cycles and Modules"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-views.webp"
        alt="Plane Analytics"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
   <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-analytics.webp"
        alt="Plane Pages"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

## 📝 Documentation

Explore Plane's [product documentation](https://docs.plane.so/) and [developer documentation](https://developers.plane.so/) to learn about features, setup, and usage.

## ❤️ Community

Join the Plane community on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/makeplane/discussions) and our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge). We follow a [Code of conduct](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all our community channels.

Feel free to ask questions, report bugs, participate in discussions, share ideas, request features, or showcase your projects. We’d love to hear from you!

## 🛡️ Security

If you discover a security vulnerability in Plane, please report it responsibly instead of opening a public issue. We take all legitimate reports seriously and will investigate them promptly. See [Security policy](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/SECURITY.md) for more info.

To disclose any security issues, please email us at security@plane.so.

## 🤝 Contributing

There are many ways you can contribute to Plane:

- Report [bugs](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/issues/new?assignees=srinivaspendem%2Cpushya22&labels=%F0%9F%90%9Bbug&projects=&template=--bug-report.yaml&title=%5Bbug%5D%3A+) or submit [feature requests](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/issues/new?assignees=srinivaspendem%2Cpushya22&labels=%E2%9C%A8feature&projects=&template=--feature-request.yaml&title=%5Bfeature%5D%3A+).
- Review the [documentation](https://docs.plane.so/) and submit [pull requests](https://github.com/makeplane/docs) to improve it—whether it's fixing typos or adding new content.
- Talk or write about Plane or any other ecosystem integration and [let us know](https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge)!
- Show your support by upvoting [popular feature requests](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/issues).

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on the process for submitting pull requests to us.

### Repo activity

![Plane Repo Activity](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/2523c6ed2f77c082b7908c33e2ab208981d76c39.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

### We couldn't have done this without you.

<a href="https://github.com/makeplane/plane/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=makeplane/plane" />
</a>

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Fix metadata error and move time tracker under Labels section
- Remove Head import from next/head in client component to fix metadata error
- Move time tracker component to appear under Labels in Properties panel
- Add time tracker to peek overview properties for consistency
- Update README with time tracking feature documentation

README.md, after:

<br /><br />

<p align="center">
<a href="https://plane.so">
  <img src="https://media.docs.plane.so/logo/plane_github_readme.png" alt="Plane Logo" width="400">
</a>
</p>
<p align="center"><b>Modern project management for all teams</b></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge">
<img alt="Discord online members" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1031547764020084846?color=5865F2&label=Discord&style=for-the-badge" />
</a>
<img alt="Commit activity per month" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/makeplane/plane?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://plane.so/"><b>Website</b></a> •
    <a href="https://github.com/makeplane/plane/releases"><b>Releases</b></a> •
    <a href="https://twitter.com/planepowers"><b>Twitter</b></a> •
    <a href="https://docs.plane.so/"><b>Documentation</b></a>
</p>

<p>
    <a href="https://app.plane.so/#gh-light-mode-only" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-top.webp"
        alt="Plane Screens"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
</p>

Meet [Plane](https://plane.so/), an open-source project management tool to track issues, run ~sprints~ cycles, and manage product roadmaps without the chaos of managing the tool itself. 🧘‍♀️

> Plane is evolving every day. Your suggestions, ideas, and reported bugs help us immensely. Do not hesitate to join in the conversation on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge) or raise a GitHub issue. We read everything and respond to most.

## 🚀 Installation

Getting started with Plane is simple. Choose the setup that works best for you:

- **Plane Cloud**
  Sign up for a free account on [Plane Cloud](https://app.plane.so)—it's the fastest way to get up and running without worrying about infrastructure.

- **Self-host Plane**
  Prefer full control over your data and infrastructure? Install and run Plane on your own servers. Follow our detailed [deployment guides](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/overview) to get started.

| Installation methods | Docs link                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Docker               | [![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/methods/docker-compose)         |
| Kubernetes           | [![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/methods/kubernetes) |

`Instance admins` can configure instance settings with [God mode](https://developers.plane.so/self-hosting/govern/instance-admin).

## 🌟 Features

- **Issues**
  Efficiently create and manage tasks with a robust rich text editor that supports file uploads. Enhance organization and tracking by adding sub-properties and referencing related issues.

- **Cycles**
  Maintain your team’s momentum with Cycles. Track progress effortlessly using burn-down charts and other insightful tools.

- **Modules**
  Simplify complex projects by dividing them into smaller, manageable modules.

- **Views**
  Customize your workflow by creating filters to display only the most relevant issues. Save and share these views with ease.

- **Pages**
  Capture and organize ideas using Plane Pages, complete with AI capabilities and a rich text editor. Format text, insert images, add hyperlinks, or convert your notes into actionable items.

- **Analytics**
  Access real-time insights across all your Plane data. Visualize trends, remove blockers, and keep your projects moving forward.

- **Time Tracking**
  Track time spent on work items with a built-in timer. Start/stop timers, add manual time entries, and view time summaries. Compare actual time vs. estimates to improve project planning. Time tracking appears in the Properties panel under Labels for easy access.

- **Drive** (_coming soon_): The drive helps you share documents, images, videos, or any other files that make sense to you or your team and align on the problem/solution.

## 🛠️ Local development

See [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

## ⚙️ Built with

[![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=green)](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
[![Node JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en)

## 📸 Screenshots

  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-work-items.webp"
        alt="Plane Views"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-cycles.webp"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-modules.webp"
        alt="Plane Cycles and Modules"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
  <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-views.webp"
        alt="Plane Analytics"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
   <p>
    <a href="https://plane.so" target="_blank">
      <img
        src="https://media.docs.plane.so/GitHub-readme/github-analytics.webp"
        alt="Plane Pages"
        width="100%"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

## 📝 Documentation

Explore Plane's [product documentation](https://docs.plane.so/) and [developer documentation](https://developers.plane.so/) to learn about features, setup, and usage.

## ❤️ Community

Join the Plane community on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/makeplane/discussions) and our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge). We follow a [Code of conduct](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all our community channels.

Feel free to ask questions, report bugs, participate in discussions, share ideas, request features, or showcase your projects. We’d love to hear from you!

## 🛡️ Security

If you discover a security vulnerability in Plane, please report it responsibly instead of opening a public issue. We take all legitimate reports seriously and will investigate them promptly. See [Security policy](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/SECURITY.md) for more info.

To disclose any security issues, please email us at security@plane.so.

## 🤝 Contributing

There are many ways you can contribute to Plane:

- Report [bugs](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/issues/new?assignees=srinivaspendem%2Cpushya22&labels=%F0%9F%90%9Bbug&projects=&template=--bug-report.yaml&title=%5Bbug%5D%3A+) or submit [feature requests](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/issues/new?assignees=srinivaspendem%2Cpushya22&labels=%E2%9C%A8feature&projects=&template=--feature-request.yaml&title=%5Bfeature%5D%3A+).
- Review the [documentation](https://docs.plane.so/) and submit [pull requests](https://github.com/makeplane/docs) to improve it—whether it's fixing typos or adding new content.
- Talk or write about Plane or any other ecosystem integration and [let us know](https://discord.com/invite/A92xrEGCge)!
- Show your support by upvoting [popular feature requests](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/issues).

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on the process for submitting pull requests to us.

### Repo activity

![Plane Repo Activity](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/2523c6ed2f77c082b7908c33e2ab208981d76c39.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

### We couldn't have done this without you.

<a href="https://github.com/makeplane/plane/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=makeplane/plane" />
</a>

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/makeplane/plane/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).
